what up guys i'm back with more clock
fade trade up contract attempts i have
myself 38 of the song of amber fades and
I have myself for potential glock fade
makers right here the Babymakers the
negev anodized navies and the old hot
rods so without further ado and she's
going to jump straight into the straight
up contract and hopefully the six lot as
always will be the lucky slot in fact I
just did a trade up which Oh note 6 lot
6 a lot like slop I just did a trade off
actually for the night which you
probably will have seen in previous
videos that presumably a couple days ago
something like that didn't go so well
the six lot did not work for me so I'm
gonna have to remind Gabe 6 law there we
go equals lucky that's so much there we
go that is probably the most unreadable
thing I have ever written in my life but
come on glock fav go on I have faith in
you we've got you before and what the
fuck the empty line bulldozer man it
picked the right collection once again
and it didn't give me the fade the
chances are incredible i don't know why
it keeps picking the fucking bulldozer
but that is incredibly frustrating as we
could have just heard the fade again on
our very first attempt which would have
been awesome but second attempt now
and that's my even how you spell tempt
so I'm scribble this out pretend that
was a all part of the plan and in they
go once again obviously I think we're
probably going to get that the old tech
9 quarts here because luck does not seem
to be on my side at the moment there we
go take 9 quarts I can't believe that it
picked from the creek collection again
but I picked up bucking bull dozer I'm
still pretty frustrated about that but
we have got two more attempts here of
the trade up contract can we bring home
the money and get the clock fade once
again or are we being a little too
greedy and we lucked out massively i'm
going to write what I want on it look
fade yeah you know did we just luck out
massively and the first try and we'll
post video rather or are we gonna get it
again are we gonna get the Glock fade
once again who knows no we're gonna care
the tec-9 red quartz and this is
probably going to be the story of my
life at the moment these incredibly
unlucky risks I'm taking the occult rod
final attempt it goes in can we make
this profitable please somehow bring it
back from the depths of losing I don't
know how much money 60 pounds or so on
these these ball contracts the Glock
fade I would really like you to appear
right now please oh fuck me come on man
the bulldozer again you fucking kidding
me why why what is this I know I sound
hella whiny right now but it picked the
fucking right thing twice and yet it
picked the wrong fucking thing twice if
that makes any sense at all but yeah we
could have had to block fades right
there that would have been massive
profit but instead we've got two
field-tested mp9 bulldozers
which is bull crap so yeah guys thanks a
lot for watching and hopefully I'll be
able to get my hands on a night soon
because I really want to try a Dracula
trader contract take it easy Anna see
you in the next video peace
you
[Music]
[Applause]